Move sizeLimit one level above in upload provider (#1133)
strapi/documentation: docs/developer-docs/latest/update-migration-guides/migration-guides/v4/migration-guide-4.3.x-to-4.4.x.md

---

> title: Migrate from 4.2.x to 4.3.x - Strapi Developer Docs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Migrate from 4.3.x to 4.4.x - Strapi Developer Docs
```

:-)

description: Learn how you can migrate your Strapi application from 4.3.x to 4.4.x.
canonicalUrl: https://docs.strapi.io/developer-docs/latest/update-migration-guides/migration-guides/v4/migration-guide-4.3.x+-to-4.4.x.html
---

# v4.3.x to v4.4.x migration guide

The Strapi v4.3.x to v4.4.x migration guide upgrades versions of v4.3.x and above to v4.4.x. This migration guide is needed for all users who were limiting media size for the local upload provider. The migration to 4.4.x consists of 3 steps:

- Upgrading the application dependencies

> - Updating the local upload provider sizeLimit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updating the local upload provider `sizeLimit`
```

I'll also mention/suggest it with every occurrence of the word. We should use inline code formatting as it's the actual name of a property (would be "size limit" in 'pure' English, but `sizeLimit` for the property name). 😊

- Reinitializing the application

## Upgrading the application dependencies to 4.4.x (x is the latest minor version of v4.4)

:::prerequisites
Stop the server before starting the upgrade. At the time of writing this, the latest version of Strapi is v4.4.0.
:::

1. Upgrade all of the Strapi packages in the `package.json` to `4.4.0`:

```jsx
// path: package.json

{
  // ...
  "dependencies": {
    "@strapi/strapi": "4.4.0",
    "@strapi/plugin-users-permissions": "4.4.0",
    "@strapi/plugin-i18n": "4.4.0",
    // ...
  }
}

```

2. Save the edited `package.json` file.

3. Run either `yarn` or `npm install` to install the new version.

::: tip
If the operation doesn't work, try removing your `yarn.lock` or `package-lock.json`. If that doesn't help, remove the `node_modules` folder as well and try again.
:::

## Updating the sizeLimit provider configuration

> This step is only required if you were using the [sizeLimit configuration](https://docs.strapi.io/developer-docs/latest/plugins/upload.html#max-file-size) for your upload provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This step is only required if you were using the [`sizeLimit` configuration](/developer-docs/latest/plugins/upload.md#max-file-size) for your upload provider.
```

Updated the URL because:
- if you keep the `https://docs.strapi.io` part, it's considered by our tool as an external link and appends a specific icon for external links next to it ^^
- updated the `.html` extension to `.md` so that our broken links checking tool won't complain (you can test it with `yarn check-links` locally)

:::caution

> The docs required the sizeLimit to be in bytes, but it was actually in kilobytes. This is now fixed, and the limit will be interpreted as bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documentation required the `sizeLimit` to be in bytes, but it was actually in kilobytes. This is now fixed, and the limit will be interpreted as bytes.
```

Per our [12 rules](https://handbook.strapi.io/user-success-manual/12-rules-of-technical-writing) :-) (see rule #9 — we avoid abbreviations, even the 'obvious' ones: app → application, docs → documentation, config → configuration, etc. 😊 )

If you, for some reason, were limiting the file size to kilobytes, you should update the value to be in bytes.
:::

> We recommend to move the sizeLimit outside the provider options like the following, as it will be deprecated in the next major version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend to move the `sizeLimit` outside the provider options like the following, as it will be deprecated in the next major version.
```

<code-group>

<code-block title="JAVASCRIPT">

```js
// path: ./config/plugins.js

module.exports = {
  // ...
  upload: {
    config: {
      sizeLimit: 250 * 1024 * 1024 // Now
      providerOptions: {
        sizeLimit: 250 * 1024 * 1024 // Before
      }
    }
  }
};
```

</code-block>

<code-block title="TYPESCRIPT">

```js
// path: ./config/plugins.ts

export default {
  // ...
  upload: {
    config: {
      sizeLimit: 250 * 1024 * 1024 // Now
      providerOptions: {
        sizeLimit: 250 * 1024 * 1024 // Before
      }
    }
  }
};
```

</code-block>

</code-group>

To change the script:

> 1. In the `./config/plugins.js` file, Identify the upload configuration if you have one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the `./config/plugins.js` file, identify the upload configuration if you have one.
```

> 2. Move your sizeLimit, if you have one, one level above providerOptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. (_optional_) If you have a `sizeLimit`, move it one level above `providerOptions`.
```
